[Music]
To access the settings in the reporter
app, tap on your active room in the top
left corner. This brings up a list of
all the rooms you're connected to. On
the left side, tap settings to open the
menu. Here you'll find five different
options you can enable. The first
setting, send also on mobile network,
allows the app to send videos using
mobile data as well as Wi-Fi. If you
prefer to only send when connected to
Wi-Fi, just turn this off. The second
setting, save recording copies to
photos, automatically saves a copy of
each recording to your devices photo
library. If this is turned off, you can
still save a video manually by tapping
on it and selecting copy to photos. The
third setting, tag videos with
geoloccation, adds location data to your
videos. The fourth setting, C2PA on
recordings, enables C2PA metadata on
your videos. This is a standard for
content authenticity that attaches
secure, verifiable information to your
recordings. The fifth and final setting,
AI transcripts, adds automatic
speechtoext transcription to every video
you record. When you enable it, just
choose the language you'll be recording
in to ensure the transcript is accurate.